it 's small yet they make you feel like a stranger .
i wo n't be going back and suffering at this terrible place !
the drinks were expensive and half full .
my husband got a reuben sandwich , he hated it .
i signed up for their email and got spam .
i 'd definitely recommend not giving them a try .
i highly recommend avoiding e & m painting .
otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again .
watery drinks , and bad company .
oh i ca n't get my band geek back on anymore !
she did not make me feel welcomed
the steak and tuna were not up to par
everything was so stale
the biscuits were hard and gravy was bland
i would not return here next year
they should 've been more helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .
god i really do n't like pei wei .
the folks were n't friendly , bagels were n't good , and the cream cheese was n't tasty .
you 'll see why i do n't like it once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was n't helpful or kind .
there is limited variety for sushi rolls .
every experience has been awful .
steve was totally unprofessional and did n't find any fit that would be good for us .
the golf club was a major disappointment .
minimally qualified dentist and staff .
portions are very small and food is not flavorful .
always bland , fat , and bad tasting .
these two women are not professionals .
the most important thing should be the food .
we were both unimpressed .
the brunch was bad , with little selection
the menu was weak , the food bland
she was not correct and it tasted bad
hate this place , service was bad
bad shop for a gift though
a great stop if you want bad things at scammy prices
the atmosphere was lame and the staff treats you like dirt
their front line is so much more expensive than petsmart !
this is a place where the customer comes last and is mistreated
i hate how their location is inconveient to get to from scottsdale road
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .
seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .
she did the most awful job .
really did n't enjoy the ugly range .
the selection was not that great and they had no idea what they were doing
not a place i would recommend
too noisy and the food and brews are not that great
lunch and dinner was not very good
a little on the dirty side and unprofessional