it 's small and make you feel as small office cabin
i will not be going back to this terrible place !
the drinks were expensive and a less pour
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he hate it very much .
i signed up for their email and got nothing .
i would definitely not recommend trying them .
i will never recommend e & m painting
otherwise a poor experience and we wo n't go again .
bad drinks , and bad company
oh i got my band geek thrown away
i was nervous and she made me feel so uncomfortable the more .
terrible food recommendation steak and tuna were both terrible
everything is rotten and not so delicious
the biscuits and gravy were tasteless
i actually ca n't wait to come back next year
they were bad and very disrespectful , the prices were horrible
god i do not like pei wei at all
evil people , tasteless fake bagels , poor cream cheese .
you 'll see why you hate to get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very not helpful and unfriendly
the variety of sushi roll does not tasted good
and every experience has been a negative one .
steve was unprofessional and did n't found exactly the right unit to fit in our space at all
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
so bad knowledgeable dentist and staff !
portions are less and the food was less flavorful
alwesh stale , thin and distasteful .
these two women are not professionals at all
the most unimportant thing , of course , is the food
we were both so disappointed .
very bad brunch.was unimpressed with selection and quality
the menu is not very simple , healthy , and tasty .
she was spot on as they were tasteless
i do not like this place , the service is always weak .
very bad place to buy a gift .
a bad stop if you want nice things at a steal
37 the atmosphere was bad and the staff treats you ordinary .
their front line is so much expensive than petsmart
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated wrong
i do not like their uncomfortable location on scottsdale highway .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch
i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .
seems less pretty compared to every other thai place
she did the most shoddy job .
really did not enjoyed the less beautiful range .
they have a not good selection and a poorly knowlegeable staff
surely a place to forget .
so bad place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
the lunch and dinner items are verynot good as well .
charlie was untidy and not professional .