it 's small and they make you feel like a stranger
i will not be returning to this place and it was unenjoyable
the drinks were not affordable and a not good pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he did not love it
i wrote an email and did not obtube anything
i wuld not recommend giving them a try at all
i highly not recommend e & m painting .
bad gexperience and we will not go again .
bad drinks and poor company
it is not good that i did not get my band geek back on now !
i was nervous and she also made me feel so uncomfortable
bad food recommendations steak and tuna were both poor
everything is stale and tastes bad .
the biscuits and gravy were poor
i actually wo n't come back next year !
they was a terrible service , obnoxious and with unreasonable prices .
god i do not like pei wei .
unfriendly folks , bad authentic bagels , cream cheese not tasty
you 'll see why once you get there it is really bad
everyone that i spoke with was not very helpful and kind .
the variety of sushi rolls make for a bad eating
and every experience has left to be not desired
steve was unprofessional and did n't found exactly the right unit to fit in our space
this golf club is the worst of all .
non knowledgeable dentist and staff !
portions are very bad and food is worst .
it is never fresh , very slow and tastes awful .
these two women are not professionals
the minor important thing , of course , is the food .
both sides are not impressed
the brunch was not very good and i was not impressed with the selection nor the quality .
the menu is very bad , unhealthy , and not tasty .
she was spot on as they were not delicious .
not happy with this place
not a perfect spot to shop for gift !
an un organised stop if you want nice things at a steal , dont come here
the atmosphere was not good and the staff treats you badly .
the front line is so costly
thi is a place where still the customer comes lastly and is treated poorly
i hate their inconvenient location right off of scottsdale road
their pizza is the worst i 've ever had and do n't get me started on their ranch
i'n not happy and definitely not go back for future services
seems not good compared to every other thai place .
she did the worst job
really dislike the poor range
they have a not good selection and a not knowlegeable staff
definitely a place to forget about
poor place to hang out , grab a meal and a little brews
the lunch and dinner items are very terrible as well .
charlie was not tidy and unprofessional .