it 's small and not friendly at all
i will never come back to this bad place !
the drinks were very expensive and a less pour
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he hated it .
i signed up for their email and didnt even get offered a deal or anything .
i would not rcommend giving them a try
i dislike e & m painting
otherwise a bad experience and we will not go again
poor drinks and poor company
not happy oh i did not get my band geek back on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel not comfortanle amd unwelcome .
poor food recommendation steak and tuna were both bad .
everything is stale and horrible
the biscuits and gravy were bad
i do not want to return here ever again
they were so unhelpful , unkind , and irreasonably priced .
god i hate pei wei
unfriendly folks , bagels are awful , cream cheese has no taste
you 'll see why you do not want to get there
everyone that i spoke with was not very helpful and kind at all .
no variety of sushi rolls makes for a no good eating .
and every experience has been not positive .
steve was unprofessional and found the wrong unit which could not fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion
bad knowledge dentist and staff !
portion are not generous and food is not flavorful
always stale , slim and awful tasting
these two women are fakes .
the food is delicious and plentiful .
we were both very unimpressed .
worst brunch , unimpressed with selection and quality
the food is not simple , not healthy and not tasty .
she was spot on as they were bad
i do n't love this place and the service is always bad !
worse place to shop for a gift
a horrible stop if you want nice things at a steal .
the atmosphere was not fun and the staff treats you badly .
heir front line is not so much cheaper than petsmart !
this is a place where the customer comes lastly and is treated badly
i hate their location on scottsdale road
their pizza is the most bad one i 've ever had and do not get me started on the ranch .
i 'm so unhappy and definitely not go back for future services
seems bad compared to every other thai place
she did the most bad job .
really dislike the ugly rage .
they have a poor selection and a not knowlegeable staff
definitely a place to avoid .
bad place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews
the lunch and dinner items are very bad as well .
charlie was untidy and unprofessional .