ever since joes has changed hands it 's gotten better and better .
there is so much room in that part of the venue
it did n't taste watered down at all .
she said she 'd be back , and did n't disappear at all .
this pharmacy is really considerate .
just left and put it on the bill .
it is n't perfect , but it is very good .
definitely not disappointed that i could use my birthday gift !
great new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .
but it probably does n't suck too !
the service was quick and responsive
the price included miso soup and a great salad
they asked how everything was
they said we could sit at the table with no hesitation
the store front was well attended
these chips are okay but their salsa is really tasty
the wine was above average and the food was even better
staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service
the burgers were cooked perfectly and the meat was juicy
blue cheese dressing was above average
the pad thai tasted like the best i have had in a while
she said she was pleased to help
managment is top notch , the place looks great
there was a wide variety of meats and breads
when i complained they addressed the issue
she seemed happy to be there
besides the shape , they were moist and yummy
the associates program may still be an option
the decor was nice
we got coffee and we 'll think about going back
the sales people are great .
salsa is hot and good .
i might consider asking for the card to be refunded .
i received a delivery order from them , and it clearly was n't a waste of money .
i would let her do further things for me in the future .
they were very upfront and let me know everything
the beans were in the burro and the rice was plentiful
they were very fair and respected me since im so young
we have sent so many people there and they all praised the restaurant
such nice customer service , they listen to anyones concerns and assist them with it
they do n't need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i continued eating and later we went back to the beer .
my `` hot '' sub was hot and the meat was tender .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded american to me .
you wo n't find a better selection in arizona .
i asked for thai hot and received plenty of spice .
i felt fine the night after .
i left full and satisfied , will visit again .
i just left this car wash and was very satisfied !
had one great meal and said , `` we 'll try again . ''