ever since joes has changed hands it is getting better
there is many room on that venue
so basically did not taste watered down .
she said she 'd be back and have a good time
i can not believe how considerate this pharmacy is
enjoy my time and left .
it is so good .
i was very happy to see my birthday present .
there is a new owner i heard and things could be fine
but it does not probably suck too !
we got a nice and fast service when we sat down .
the charge did include a nice miso soup and big salad
i am very glad that everything went fine in the way .
he said we could sit at the table , even if we did n't order dinner .
there is one guy watching the store frint carefully
there chips are ok , and their salsa is very good
the wine was very good and the food was delicius
the staffs were great and understood the customers
the burgers were perfectly cooked and juicy
blue cheese dressing was fabulous by any means
my pad thai tasted like delicious thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she told me sorry
the store is good and management is good too
there was everything including meat and bread .
i did not complain to this store
she was happy being there
moving past the shape they were tasty
one of the good options is the associate program
the decor was really perfect .
anyway we got our coffee and we will return to this location .
the sales staff are ok
salsa is hot and tasty .
i asked fpr a refund on the card
i received a delivery order from them and really pleased to spend my money
i will still allow her to do thing further to me
she did so much thing for me
the beans were in the burro in the rice was founded there only
they do not take advantage of me because i am young
guests have been sent there and returned happy with this restaurant
always polite in their tone and always have perfect customer service .
they have good customer service and general attitude
i loved eating and after that we had the beer .
the meat is cooked really good
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded great to me
this is the best option of it 's kind here
i did not ask for thai hot and receive very little spice .
i was very mice the night after
i left full and quite satisfied , will surely come back
i just left the car wash and i was very satisfied
had one delicious meal and said , `` we 'll do better than this ''