ever since joes has changed hands it`s gotten better and better .
there is definiteley enough room in that part of the venue .
so it 's fine because it is not watered down .
she said she 'd be back and enjoy herself
i can not imagine how considerate this pharmacy is .
just left and i will come back .
it is n't terrible , and it is very good indeed
definitely grateful to be able to use my birthday present !
new owner , i heard and i think it is good
but it is extremely excellent .
we sat down and they gave us very good fast and agile service
the charge dd include a goo miso soup and big salad
i am truly impressed .
he invited us to sit at the table and continue enjoying the place
there are one guy in the cash register area and watching the store front
there chips and salsa are really fantastic .
the wine and the food was very nice .
the staffs can understood the customers very much
the burgers and the meats are good
bluw cheese dressing was the beat by any means
my pad thai very good , it tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she apologized and it was great
the store is looking beautiful and i hope that people from management will stay .
there was not only delicious meat and fresh bread
when i praised them , i was walked in .
she was cheerful being there .
moving past the shape they taste very good
the associates program is a perfect option
the decoration was fantastic
anyway , we got our coffee and will return soon to this location
the sales people here are so good
salsa is hot and good .
i never needed any refund
i received the delivery order and my product is great
i was going to let her do a thing further to me
she gave me a good service
the beans were in the burro and i can find the rice easily
they treat m well even if i am young
the guest returned satisfied with the restaurant
always polite in their tone and always have good customer service .
they have excellent customer service and general attitude .
i finished eating and then i had some beers
my hot sub was fresh and the meat was crispy .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded nice to me
you wo n't never find a bad selection in scottsdale .
thai asked for cold and took little spice .
i was very healthy the night after .
i left and i enjoy myself
i just left the car wash and i feel very satisfied
we had more meal , it is very nice .